"Dream" License
Version 1.0, June 2019

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. DEFINITIONS.

    "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
    and distribution as defined by secitons 1 through 2 of this document.

    "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the 
    copyright ownder that is granting the License.

    "You" (or "Your") shall mean Matthew Codi Whitley, whom this License 
    is provided.

    "The Song" refers to the song Dream by Christopher Whitley licensed 
    under this License.

    To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work
    in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of 
    an exact copy.  The resulting work is called a "modified version" of 
    the earlier work or work "based on" the earlier work.

    "Derivative Works" shall mean any work that is based on (or derived from)
    the Song and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations,
    or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship.


2. PERMISSIONS
    This license grants permission to You for the term of copyright on the Song, 
    and is irrevocalbe provided the stated conditions are met.  This License 
    explicity affirms your unlimited permission to listen to, modify, and 
    distribute a modifeid version of the Song, provided that the modified version
    of the Song confirms to the definition of a Derivative Work.

    This license does not grant permission to distrubte unmodified, non-derivative
    work, copies of the Song for profit.  This license also does not grant permission
    to sublicense the Song, any modified versions, or derivative works, unless 
    agreed to in writing by the Licensor.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

Dream
Copyright (c) 2019 Christopher Whitley

Licensed under the "Dream" License, Version 1.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at 

http://manbeardgames.com/licenses/dream/mcw/

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Song distrubuted
under the LIcense is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRENTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, express or implied.  See sections 1 through 2 for 
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
